>> Brian Holt: So
we wanna wrap details in this, so
in case there's an error from the API,
that it doesn't crash.
>> Brian Holt: Now, I would be super
tempted to wrap this inside of an error
boundary.
But there's a big thing that you
have to know about error boundaries,
is it only works with
children inside of it.
This was an ErrorBoundary here.
>> Brian Holt: Or ErrorBoundary?
>> Brian Holt: This wouldn't work.
And the reason being is that you would
catch things in carousel, but you wouldn't
catch them inside of the class itself.
So it can't catch it inside
of the class that it's in, so
we have to make it basically a higher
order component above details.
And I'll show you just a really
quick way of doing that.
So rather than mess with details itself,
what we're gonna do is we're going
to export a default function here.
>> Brian Holt: Function,
there it's going to be called Details.
>> Brian Holt: WthErrorBoundary.
>> Brian Holt: It's gonna take in props,
and it's going to return
an ErrorBoundary,
>> Brian Holt: And
then, it's going to render
details inside of it.
>> Brian Holt: So this automatically
imported up here ErrorBoundary as well, so
make sure you import that
there like I did on line four.
>> Brian Holt: And then down here,
we still have a problem with this.
So this is correctly wrapping
an ErrorBoundary around Details.
And now this will catch all
of the various different
errors that could happen
inside of Details.
But we have these props.
And we want to pass these
props into Details.
How do we do that?
I mean, you could do something
like props=props, but
this isn't quite the same.
>> Brian Holt: Because now inside of here,
I would have to say this.props.props.
It would be weird, so that's not right.
I could go figure out everything
that Details is getting from
its parent components, and
then, by name, pass them in.
But that's burdensome,
I don't want to do that either.
So I'm gonna show you a little
trick that you can do as well.
You can actually just put these curly
braces here and say  like that.
This is going to spread
the props across Details.
So imagine for
a second that props had some,
what is Details even using from props?
Props.
>> Brian Holt: ID, right?
So it's getting ID.
>> Brian Holt: So this would be
equivalent from saying id=,
and then writing out all
of those piece by piece.
This is just a faster way of doing it.
>> Brian Holt: Now,
let me offer you a cautionary tale.
The advantage of React, the reason why we
use React is because it's very explicit.
It's very easy to go through and
understand piece by piece
what everything is doing.
ErrorBoundary here has no interaction and
does not care at all about the props,
it's just trying to wrap something,
and then, let it continue rendering.
So ErrorBoundary's not doing anything for
you other than catching errors, and
it's Details that's actually
doing all the work here.
So we just want to be a pass through for
this DetailsWithErrorBoundary.
I spelled that wrong,
it's DetailsWithErrorBoundary,
not that that matters, that's just for
debugging purposes, and that's all.
>> Brian Holt: So you only wanna
use these spread operators when
the component doesn't actually really
care about what those props are.
It's just meant to be a pass through.
Don't use this willy nilly, it makes your
code harder to read for the most part.
Make sense?
Okay.
>> Brian Holt: So now,
if we go look at our app,
everything should look exactly
the same cuz this has no errors on it,
but what happens if I go into
the Details page now and say Details?
>> Brian Holt: And let's say here
instead of componentDidMount,
we're just gonna say,
throw new Error like that.
>> Brian Holt: What's gonna happen?
Hopefully, you can say that there
was an error with this page.
Click here to go back,
and wait five seconds.
We'll go do the five seconds part,
we haven't done that part.
You can also see here
that you get the error.
>> Brian Holt: And
you can see ErrorBoundary caught in error.
So you do the message, which is this very
descriptive error that I just invented,
and it also gives you all of the stuff
where this came from componentDidMount.
Blah, blah, blah, all that kind of stuff.
>> Brian Holt: Now, if we click here,
it'll take us back here.
Now, if we didn't have the ErrorBoundary,
this would just crash the entire program.
>> Brian Holt: So that's what
ErrorBoundaries are useful for.